It was a Zoom Online and Training Meeting held by some fellow toastmasters and some dignitaries.Due to the sudden lockdown and pandemic situation they were facing problems and they decided to start their meetings through a virtual platform. They choose Zoom online meeting app for their meetings ,and they set some ground rules for their meeting to be productive. The most important thing is to get least possible distraction and for that the rules were to put their mobile phones on silent choose a valid and fresh environment to attend their toastmaster meeting.Their videos should be on and all the members leaving the speaker would be muted. They would have a new meeting id for every meeting. The members can raise their hands or text something during the meeting if they want to give their feedback or ask something about the current speech going on.After all the general instructions ,their demo meeting starts .They had three role players namely the timer ,the grammarian and the general evaluator. The timer would note the time of every speech and indicate the speaker about qualifying their given times.the grammarian would play a close attention to the languages used and finally the general evaluator would see how the meeting goes from beginning to the end. Their project was to practice using vocal variety.The first speaker had the topic "FIRST IMPRESSION".as said by the speaker First Impressionis very critical in our life, as i short period of time , others will form opinion about us based on opur apperances, our body language ,our gestures and our character. So having a perfect first impression is very important . There are three steps to keep in mind to havea good first impression. The first one is to always keep a charming smile. A smile indicates positivity and optimism which is a good thing.The next is to dress well.One should always be in a clean and tidy dress and avoid casuals. The third and the last one is to speank clearly and slowly so that the listener would always be clear about our thoughts.Their next project was table topics and all of the topics were centrered on adaptation and survival. The speakers had different opinions. One speaker says that human beings ,compared to other creatures are highly adaptable to almost any situation for survival. The next speaker syas that adaptability is the simplest secret of survival.Another speaker suggested to be centered to the positivity and avoid all the negative aspects of any situation. There was another one who said that one mustn't be the smartest or the strongest but should be willing to change to overcome problems.When we change according to the circumstances that builds a confidence insid us and when we have confidencewe'll surely overcome any situation .