good evening. good evening, fellow toastmast and dignitaries, welcom to our zoom. onlin train on demo meeting, I will begin with read the district mission. We build new club and support all club in achiev excellence. sinc thi is a zoom meeting, moderator, trainer 80 catch it in will mute on a mute particip as required. If you need to speak, pleas click on the reins. your hand icon on your screen on the moder will mute if necessary. also appreci you are seat in a quiet room free from disturb on connect to the internet with a power bank to charg your mobile. assum you are at home or at place of work, you would know the entri and exit on where the washroom are located. In the event of a fire, pleas run out of the premis leav behind your phone laptop PC whatev your use to connect through thi through to thi meet with this, I hand over to the trainer toastmast of the day. toastmast gratitude. thank you for a sergeant off arm and my better have those master priscilla who is open thi meet and who ha done a lot off the ground work for today meeting, so pleas a big round of applaus to her now. the person who made thi meet possibl obvious is a district director. dtm professor coleman, who initiated, came up with thi idea saying, gee, we need to do something. and so who better to start thi meeting, then our district director? good evening, everybody. and welcom to our new era, which is the onlin meet I took. I send an email to the I to take permiss for our district to make onlin meeting, and I will forward the email for you to make sure that we are allow to do onlin meet in your club. but befor do that, we need to know that tip and techniqu to do onlin meetings. it my pleasur to be with you practic thi onlin meet and connect with all leaders, most of the leader in our district. however, when I when alka came back from the from the from london, she said, rafa, they are do onlin leap there. We need to do something. the first person come to my mind is scheduled, and I met him. talk to him and we set up thi hope thi will be a good learn experi for all of us. and when the meet is done, we will share the video record toe all district members, whoever attend or not attended. besides, wer go to do anoth session just in arabic. So we have the hack cup that had a fallibl club first media mona will do the translat for the present and we will do everyth the same. but in arab version for the peopl who speak in arabic, back to the moder or the toastmast off the even kasuga. thank you, catoctin. I return the floor back to you. So you need to a newt yourself and i am mute myself. thank you. thank you. dtm buffa district director and our next speaker wa suppos to be dtm moham salim, a pick you d but I have reach out to him and he told me he will join a littl later on. So when he doe come, I will ask him to address all off the attendees. next we have our club growth director tim alka camera and I will now hand over the mike, tow her, but becaus there are so mani peopl here, I have to locat her it quit a nice screen that I can see in front. off main T team. okay. okay. I found you. pleas proceed. good evening. uh, district director wafa. good evening. A decaf gotten on toe. all the attende here. it ah, riel. pleasur to see thi actual happening. A thing that I wa hope toe have ever sinc I spoke toe dd about it becaus I wa realli concern by the meet be canceled. it a real challeng for us. it realli understand that meet are canceled, but we cannot stop the journey off those master on B. We be toastmast are much more hardier hardi than the virus, i am sure. So thi is what I want to happen on. We have had a coupl of meet that have alreadi happen with challeng ssp and a coupl in, uh, and also order yesterday on also a few in bahrain. So thi give me a realli pleasur that thi train come at an opportun time and more and more club will be do that so that we continu to reap the benefit off those masters. our membership doe not in ani way go waste. So we continu with our renew becaus thi is a crucial time when we are go through renewables. uh, and I have come across member saying, perhap what the use of renewing? but member we know thi is a temporari phase on onlin meet are a realli excit thing to do. eso I realli appreci deliv ofa for take thi initi for eddi catch written to realli bring thi to actual? um, we are realli start with it. So thank to you for that and I hope more and more club will follow on. we will continu to have our onlin meetings. tooth, We are through the challenge. back to you. toe must off the day. thank you. DT malka for the that andi. now we will move into the actual tutorial, the zoo deuterium. but for me, there soon. tutori is not realli about the technic part off it, so I will cover that. but how do we run a meeting? first off, all, if you ask me, is a virtual meet better than a realli meet off cours not. but if you ask me, is it better to have a meet or not have a meet at all? then ofcourse, the answer becom yes, we have to have a meet and I strongli believ that if we realli want to develop and we want to do thi virtual meet still, the crisi is over and the govern else it okay. you can start have social gatherings. till then, we can continu have our onlin meetings, but to get the best out off it, we should do the meet in the best possibl way. So rather than just focus on the technic part of it, I would address a certain thing here today. like, how can thi meet be productive? and at seven of the clock, we will start a demo meet and we will see how it is the first thing I would like to address. and these are my five points. and pleas see if you can incorrupt thi five point as we start thi meeting. first of all, the sergeant of arm ha alreadi mention quit wrong without ani distraction, becaus think off, it is come for a meeting. even though your sit at home, think off it is actual attend a toastmast meeting. and what do we do that we switch off our phone so the same rule applies? pleas put it on silent mode. So it does not get distracted. there is no as far as possibl as far as possible. mayb close the room so that you know the cat does not come and jump on, say, on top of you on it would then at the end of the day, distract the speaker. So tri to imagin thi to be a actual meeting, and that way it would then give us the same benefit off a meeting. the second thing is not to tri to do is tri to be in a valid environment. becaus at the end, off the day when wer speaking, we want to see you. and so some off you will have switch off your video, for example. no, the speaker would want to see when he make a joke. for example, are you laughing? but if I see all black dots, what do I know? Is it work or does not for is not working. So the interact to make it as a realli meet you need tobi with video on with a valid environment, I would ideal assum that would expect at least you all. If you all are go to conduct thi meet for your members, use a laptop becaus first of all, the video will be veri stable. It will not be distracting. but if your hold a phone in front off you, you know and it shake all the time, then it doe get distracted. but if you just keep it in a stabl area, then I can see all of you are move around your face. your smiling. that great. okay, that the type of experi we should create. tri to creat the club experience. audio is veri important. So when I speak, it should not come teeni voice. It should come clear, especi if your a speaker. for example. you need to be clear. the audienc should be abl to hear you, though valu two should be abl to hear you. and so a small investment, for example, in a headset with probabl a microphon would be a good investment. andi, they do not cost too much off u K D. I guess in my case, i am use a confer system, so i am onli use the headphon for the voice, but my camera and my audio is be captur by a profession system. but a simpl headset with the microphon would be good enough if your use for exampl of mobile, mayb invest in our bluetooth headset so that you can hear clearly. oh, your voic also will be veri audibl to the audienc and final the angl of the camera. tri to keep the camera at the same angl as your face, and I see most off you have that some off your keep it down and then I look at your face and it look with skerry, So tri to keep the angl of the camera at the same level of your face, so it look flattering. you have one minut to adjust yourself becaus I want to see all of you all. I want to see you in a good light becaus a speakers, when they deliver, will also want to see you as much as possible. and one of the reasons. and it realli look love here becaus i am use a big 27 inch monitor. I can see all the speaker in one screen can imagine, and I take a school richard off it I can share it on. I wa hope that everyone video is on. It would look even better. some of us still isabel your video, but that fine. yeah, So get thi few tip on the A ticket off a toastmast meeting. becaus here wer not talk about zoom meeting. wer talk about the etiquett off toastmast meet white room. well, it good audio. keep it stable. and now we are ready, toe. actually, be part off those master meet if your use a phone, one suggest I would have is you know, thi veri keep, uh, tri part that you get with a phone holder. If you put keep that in front off your face, you know, then it is as good as what I am do it. the qualiti off the phone is good enough. So you put then, uh, right. veri clear, both audio as well as video. now, the question which come is whi soon lydia wafa ask me whi do not we use for example, goto have been a one off the quit a famous, uh, tool use for hold meet and the reason whi all those master, especi on the onlin toastmast club the eu soon is becaus it is meant with a meet in mind, not meant with the train in mind. So if I wa just go toe do turn today, I would have prefer go to webinar, for example, becaus it allow me toe train thousand off people. I could have invit peopl from all over the world, but I want here to experience. also, the meet on 15 are is not a good tool to run meet because, as I said, I want to see your face. I want to see who pay attent to me, whose, uh, enjoy what i am say becaus I can see all your faces. you all can see other faces. So the video aspect off it is veri important. and thi is what zoom doe realli well. So all of you, those of you who do not have a zoom account at the end of thi meet will goto www xoom com and sign up for an account. okay, by the way, we shall have note bad toe. make a note off all of thi becaus I will be share a power point off with all of thi information. but the thing is, you need to have a zoom account so that you can creat your own meeting. So that doubling, doubl zoom dot com on, creat a free account and then download the softwar so that you can start run the meet becaus if you want to run your own meeting, you need to do it from the comput you need toe. set it up from a laptop or a comput becaus there are so mani set that have to be done, which are done best on a web browser onli on a big screen. and also when your run the meeting, you need to see all the attendees, which you will be find it veri difficult if you were do it on a mobile. So your member who are sign up join the meeting, they can off course, use the mobile. but you who are run the meet should do it from your laptop computer. whatev is you have it all. So that part off the process off whi wer use soon and how we can you zoom to run a toastmast meeting. So the question is is so free. the answer is ye and no. you can use a free account off soon, but with a free account, you are limit toe 40 minut off meet only, and that mean it is not suitabl for toastmast meet becaus we want to do a meet that is longer than 40 minutes. which make the question, then how much doe it cost? If I want to run the rial toastmast meeting, the answer is five k 80 per month. So that the subscript that you need to pay. and it depend now becaus wer not realli do thi for a long period. He may be do it for the next one meet maximum two meetings. So is it worth the investment? mayb you can subscrib onli for one month and then cancel the subscription. thi is one way. Or you could probabl share the subscript like mine. for example, I could share my ani club that want to run the meeting, and it is not conflict with anyth that i am doing, and I usual do not do much with soon, so feel free to use my account to run your meeting. Do it as a test onda uh, see, becaus I do not recommend use the free version for a toastmast meeting, you are free to do that. they creat a free account and try, let say X com meet one good way. advantag off it is. your sure it will finish in 40 minutes. So you have to rush and complet your explor meeting. So it wa one dragon. Or you can just tri a videoconferenc between few member to discuss some issu off the club. it veri good to do that, but if you want realli a toastmast meeting, I recommend a pro account which cost five carry, which is around $15 per month. So now I have a pro account. I have assum account, and I will now show you how we can schedul a meeting. it veri simple. it protect us onli five minutes. So at the end off thi session, or sign up for zoom, creat a free account and creat the meeting. As I show, you know, and I will be not focus on each and everi technic aspect off. So thi one can be use for so mani things. I will onli tell you what is requir to run a toastmast meet becaus that a focu today. yeah, mhm. befor that, your the screen look so beautiful. let me take one more screen shot. what? We can post thi toe beautiful, beautiful. we will post thi to district not district the offici toastmast group. now I will switch to my toe the my screen and let go to assum dot com zoom. good thump. yeah. Is your finger if you can see my screen? mhm. So I alreadi have an account. okay. and as you can see, thi is the meet which is current in progress. I have also schedul a meet on friday for bright horizons. So that will be also online. I guess bright horizon steam will be share the link with you so you shall want to tri and a realli toastmast meeting, which is happen veri soon. you are more than welcom to join the meet took. So what do we need to do to schedul a new meeting? noth much. just save scheduled, a new meet and even the meet name. So let say wer plan someth for quick challeng soon. number 41. I do not know what the number onlin meeting. So I give a topic and a description. I choos the date when I want to hold it. let say wer go to do it on 16 at six of the clock for two hour on. thi is as I said. If you want to do it to our meeting, you need a pro account now veri few thing you need to keep in mind. first of all, registration. Is it requir or not for toastmast meetings? I do not recommend. and even for thi particular meet I have made it ha no registr required. If I say registr required, then obvious you have to have a zoom account. you have tow regist for that meet and onli those peopl and it becom more complicated. the second part is how what meet idea do you want to give? So when you have a pro account you have two options. So you have a fix meet idea which you can use ani time. and the second option is you have a new meet idea everi time. and for those master meetings, you must have a new meet idea everi time. whi is that? becaus for everi meet that you create, you can have differ goals, differ results. who wa the best speaker? So what will happen is they will be all kept separ under differ meet idea. So for those master meetings, let the system gener for you new meet idea everything. Do you need a password? I do not recommend it becom addit hessel toe manag password share password for more complic meetings. you may want to choos passwords, but for those master I do not recommend. then what about the video, then? uh, when host. when member joints. let event for the host when he join the meeting. Do you want the video honor off? thi is veri simple. you can leav it on off. It does not matter becaus it can be alway chang at anything. So I have kept it off. but as you can see, you can switch it on if you want the other part. I would like to keep the notic the or to you. normally, you can use your mobil phone audio or your laptop audio, which is a comput audio. but zoom also give an option to dialing, especi if your us and all that you can dial in for the audio you can choose. I do not think they support to it. So that whi I forc alway to be comput audio. So whatev would you have if a mobil phone have a laptop, you lose that what your onli and it work fine for me. A few more option that we can take here is that do you want join befor the host. So if you are the toastmast off the day and if you are late, should the member wait for you to join into the meet room? So if he click here, it mean they can directli come into the meet room. If you remov it off, it mean you must wait for the toastmast off the day or whoever is run thi meet toe come and admit you into the room in In thi particular meeting, I have said, actually, it does not matter for me, but so you can choose. I would advic to keep enabl on becaus ani member if he earli also, you can come for the meeting. you will find the meet room readi for you. new particip on entry. definitely, becaus what will happen? A speaker is give a speech on dso. suddenli a new rememb joint and hi audio is on what will happen. It will distract the speaker. So when you say mute particip on entri when they join the meet by default there, the uh microphon will be switch off. nobodi can we can see their face or if the video is on, but we will not be ableto hear them which is good. Do you want to enabl the wait room? A wait room is also a good idea. toe keep, especi the toastmast meeting. i will tell you whi again. If the speaker is speak and then member decid to join the meeting, suddenli hi face will pop up on the screen and mayb the speaker will get distracted. So what? the toastmast off the day or the person control the meet will do is he will enabl the wait room. So dure that speech, the wait room with all the peopl who are coming, they will be kept in the wait room. So imagin if it is in a toastmast meeting. the sergeant off arm is block the door, not let the peopl come in till the speech over. it like that. the one the speech over the toastmast off the bacon. check if there are ani member wait in the wait room and then bring them in. and thi is what i am doing, by the way, right now I have enabl wait room so that if ani member comes, I first look at it and then admit So what will happen when bopha, our district director, is give a speech. I will make sure that peopl are not brought into the meet when the speech is go on, when an evalu is go on, they will be in the wait room and then they will be brought in thing. and the last thing is, do you want to record the meeting? it up to you If you want to share the meet with other on whether authent user onli can join. If you say authent users, that mean all of them must have zoom account. now, mani off you do not have zoom account. So if I had enabl this, it would have becom more complic from so e just, uh, scroll to the options. let go back meet a description. the date, the duration. No registr required. gener the i d automatically. No password requir here. It realli does not matter. comput audio allow the joint befor the host mute particip on entri enabl a wait room and the rest can be active. So that it. I have creat the If I click safe, I have now creat a schedul meeting. So now what I can do is I can take thi link and I can share it with my club member think thi is your link for the meet on so enter date and that a you have your schedul the meeting. simple. there a veri simpl way. no. now, befor I move ahead, I just want to see I see a lot of peopl in the let me stop the sharing. well, we have what, 72 particip next round the pool and see who who here. So what i am go to do is i am go to run a full now and share the result with you. So first of all I have is what your experi use zone rate yourself? are you an expert? thi is your first time. unusual. pleas accept my apolog that I will not be ableto monitor the church becaus I cannot. oh, i am not that much of a multitask guy. So I will look at the church mayb later on and then mayb most respons in the in the whatsapp group. So we have a good amount off respons on board. I will end the poll in three, 21 so, as you can see, we have some first timers, some who have attend some meetings. some have conduct with things, and we have to experts. which is great, right? We can share from each other on understand. okay. i will do one more poll becaus I want to know where your from. Uh huh. what? equal is willing. yeah, i am happi to say so. money off member of my where those master from byron join us. it excellent. I will close the pole in three, 21 god. So as we can say way, have peopl who have attend thi meet for the first time. So for them, it might be a littl overwhelm toe go to the room and creat a meet from scratch. that whi I have creat the what that proof? I want you. If you are realli interest in do your own some meetings, as I said, go to zoom com, creat an account. one of the instruct that I have share and i will be share the power point also in the woods. that group creat the meeting. mayb in the initi stage, just have a meet with two or three people. then you can practic for your actual toastmast meeting. make a trail run with your ex, come mayb see how it works, and then you can do that phil toastmast mating. now we move into the control relat toe like, how did I creat thi pool? how did I share the hold with you all? and how could you do so? you could use a poor like this, for example, in a toastmast meet for choos the best speaker or the best tabl topic. best role player. So now you have one rule less requir in toastmast meetings. you do not need a word counter. correct. becaus the toastmast off the day will creat the polls. and onc the speak segment is over, launch the ball and that it. you know who is the best speaker and and we will do that for the peopl topics. By the way, today now come onc the meet started. So basic that I have start creat thi meeting. whenev your readi to start the meeting, I will share my screen onc again. So I have creat thi meet with all these parameters. and if I want if I know all the speaker in advance, for example, I could creat the pool also at the same time. So how do I do that? I can say add a poll. So for thi meet that I have just created. I will say, for example, best speaker. good. So let say pleas choos the best. speak up, let say the impala rashid. okay with them. uh, still month. okay. yeah. and for example, so you can keep thi poll save in advanc so that when the meet segment is over, you do not wast the time creat the full dure the meet time. the poll are alreadi ready. your up and running. when it is timeto deliver, the select the speaker and onli requir them is to say start the meeting. onc you start the meeting, it will open the zoom meet that I am run now. off course, I cannot start thi meet becaus i am alreadi run one meeting. If I do that, my whole current meet will sort off go for a toss. So all you have to do is click start meet and it will do well. It will start the new wait for you. but now, sinc i am onli run the meet what I want to show explain to use how do you control thi meeting? how am I make sure that the speaker is not get distracted? how am I make sure that the focu off the meet remain on one person. So the first thing that we need to understand is how we can mute and a mute people. and so then you are the host, especially. I again recommend that you should do thi from a laptop or a comput is your host and you open the zoom meeting. you will have all the control requir to run the meet and the first thing import that we should do thi mute and a mute. So i am not go toe. I cannot show you my zoom screen becaus it will becom like a zoom incept becaus screen insid the screen. but what happen is you have a simpl option. theyr call mute all but that fine. you think all everyon understand it will newt everybodi except you. but the import control that is there is when you do it all, there is anoth option. theyr called, allow particip toe on mute themselves. and the question is, should I allow particip to unload themselves? who think we should allow particip to on a mute themselves? anybody? no, right? no, do not let the particip on. mute becaus they might do it by mistake. On what if the speaker is speaking? hey will get distracted. So the import thing when you are mute everybodi is to make sure that particip will not be allow ableto mute themselves. So that the first control as a toastmast off the day, or the person who is run thi meet and my recommend is again the toastmast off the day is the person who is run the meeting, who organ it? ah, make sure all the member have the right meet link and the common time and so forth. So he will handl the mute and a muting. the second part is, should you record the meet and we have two option avail for you, you can record on your comput or you can record it on the cloud. that differ is off course. If you start record on the cloud that is on the zoom service, then they will start count how much space your occupying. and then there will be a limit. i am not veri sure what my limit? mayb onc your gp, but onc then you have to start paying. So I prefer toe record on my pc, and then I simpli upload it to youtub becaus youtub is free and I can share it with everybody. okay, so but you can choose. you can say I want to record my meet on the cloud or on the thing. Or do not be quit it out becaus it up to you. it up to the club members. mayb they do not want to share. they are meet with the rest of the people. it the club decis and the second thing. and if you notice, I keep on shift my eye becaus I am checking. If new member are join in becaus the they will not directli come into the meet room, they will be in the lobby. So I have to keep admit them from the lobbi as then when they come, becaus in my meet control, I have said enabl paint room. So onc they enabl it, whenev a member lock him, he will not come directli into thi meet somebody, the toastmast off the day or the control ha to admit him into the meat. So veri simpl control for the toastmast of the day, muting. and then, whenev you want toe a mute them, let tri this. whi not? let let me on mute everybodi and see what kind of cacophoni that we get E O. and that is probabl you will do it dure the break time so peopl would say hi to each other and off course. there will not be thi mani peopl in most meetings, but that how you will do it. but when it come to controlling, who will speak? the idea is that you should a new mute, one person at a time who go to deliv the next speech? Uh huh. onc he finish Mu team again. but yeah, also, there are differ view off the meeting. So there is someth call a speak of you and there is someth call a galleri view. I do not know whether you all can see it, becaus when you switch will speak of you. the person speak take up your whole screen. when you switch to the galleri view. then all those speaker will be visible. now for me, if I am deliv my speech, I will alway keep a galleri of you becaus I want to monitor. I do not want to see my face right. I want to see what effect I am have on the other people. but you share audienc member. you might prefer to use the speak of you becaus you want to see the screen what the person is say clearli on so that you can give it back to the person. okay. Is that clear? the galleri view and speak of you speak of you should be for audience. the galleri view ideally, should be when the speaker is deliv hi speech. and so the speaker please. not today. when citi Um wafa your give a speech switch toe galleri view so that you can see all of us control with your speech. the next parti come to the share off the screen. and now, ofcours there it will be a control for you to share. and again, as a meet controller, you can decid whether anybodi in the audienc can share or onli I can share for thi particular meeting. the share for you will be disabl becaus I have made sure that onli the host can share not the attendees, but again, it a control that is avail for you and the pools. I have alreadi shown you how to creat a poll. it a veri simpl thing, and the poll can be modified. also, suppose, let say you have creat a pole as we saw for three speakers. onda. while the meet started, we realiz that we offer ha drop out. she had some veri busi meet somewhere, so I can just go to the poll and then say, modifi the poll on bond edited. It will take me back to that same screen that I had creat where I can remov her name and then launch the pole after the speaker have complet their segment. and the last thing is the chat. some of you might have seen the chat that you can share messag while the meet is go on, and thi could be use from a toastmast perspect to give feedback after the speaker ha spoken. We use to write thi chips. right now there is no chips. it which what you are. So you can then write a messag as a feedback to the speaker. becaus you have two way off deliv feedback. you can when your write the message, you can say thi messag is for thi particular person only. So it like a privat messag on lee. that person will say, or you can say it for everyone. So the whole group against it So chad could be use mostli as far as a toastmast is one meet is concerned. toe provid feedback by the audienc to the speaker or to the tabl topics. anyth that happened, you want to give feedback, you produc thi option. okay, so i will just summar what are the thing that we will you have to do to run the meet properly? you have to have a good understand off mute and on. you think it It will hardli take you ani time to get hand off that want to creat a meeting, decid whether you want to record the meet or not. then keep an eye on the lobby. If you have enabl the lobbi so that member come, you bring them insid the meet room, the speaker view and the galleri view. I hope you will have understood when to use. what share the screen. eso If the speaker, for example, thi bring me toe question off share screen. what if you want to deliv project like research and present where you have to deliv a powerpoint So the easiest way off cours would be toe lord, the powerpoint use the share option and show the power point to the audience. but then what about you? where are you? In thi picture? you will be a small box right somewher in the screen. So that is someth you have to decid as a speaker. Is it work toe? use a power point becaus the focu goe away from you. your power point becom the presentation. no, not you. So that is one off the challeng off zoom meet becaus you have to choos one or the other. So if you have some research number or some thing to be shown, perhap you could onli show it, uh, at the time that is required, share the screen and then stop share so that the focu again move back to you for deliv your speech. poll ran a poll toe. select the best speaker or whatev on you are readi toe. hold your first. those master meeting. now, befor we do our demo meeting, I would now open the floor. We have 10 minut for any, um e relat to what I have spoken. So the way it will work is you can either rais your hand if you on video. I can see you and s o I Mr danish has, uh i am have despond monitor. um, I cannot see the initi audio controls. there is some problem, I think for you. let me search. okay. A mute. okay, dennis, you have a question. pleas proceed. yeah. good evening, toe. olive. you the fellow toastmast and the moder and the area director divis director. I love you. veri sort askew, say, told me about the set the screen. and I am join the meet on the mobile, not the let off. So if I say the screen are anyon at the servic screen, whatev I can see the window that will be onli share our will goto full participant. the street. no. whatev you share will becom the main screen on this. whatev the zoom meet that it will take up the almost the whole thing. and on top, you will see the particip in small boxes. okay, the share basic take over the entir screen. So that whi as far as a toastmast meet is concerned, I highli discourag share screen becaus here we are in those master meeting. wer here to develop our skills, talk skill in a commun skills. the focu should be onli on communication. thank you. A ridg effort. you had rais your hands. So i am hand the mic to you. yeah. hi. I wa talk to my mom. okay. anybodi els is the question. i am tri to see any. okay. okay, I see. and where, uh, question my question wa I saw thi interest featur of how you creat the pool. but how do you post it? So you share with us how you creat how do you share it while in a meeting? okay. So again, I cannot show the screenshot, but when I send you the power point, you you will find it there. basically, onc you open the screen zoom meeting, there is a small button which is pull when you click on that pole button. whatev poll we had creat in the previou screener, which I show you, they will pop up and you just choos one off them. So if you have creat two or three polls, it will give you option. which poll do you want to run? and then it will appear on the screen after attendees. okay. On the same thing with the lobby. I think onli you would be abl to see the wait room, right? onli you can. okay. off cours you can have. you can have someth call a co host. So as a backup if someth went wrong here, I have made priscilla as the co host. So if I find some technic problems, she would be abl to then monitor and accept the people. thank you. thank you for those insight questions. anybodi else? okay, isha, over to, uh, custom you mention about you would have to buy the membership part. just a clarification. So I think the one as you, for example, if your conduct a meeting, I think that quit import that you would have to buy all of the participants. all the particip off the club? no, for participants, it is free. they can log in from the phone. ani device? nobody. the particip do not have to pay. the onli the meet host ha to pay for it. So normal that would be the club, right? the club would, which is it? Or mayb a coupl of club will share becaus they can share becaus not all club meet at the same time. So one day one club can use that. I d the next day another, mayb the district can share with us. for them, $15 is noth s Uh huh. On off course. I have offer my my idea for you. whoever just messag me and your your afraid to use it. okay, thank a lot. thank you. i am checking. anybodi els is a question. i am realli you rais your hands. okay, go ahead. similar toe patients, recent questioning. uh, please. your two devic are alway caus problems. okay? yeah. Uh huh. yes. pleas proceed. yeah. your use two devic next to each other and that i am just come out. okay. connect like thi for a moment. I dinner everi day. meet can be convicted. yes. okay. for 24 hour you can conduct. that mean one morning. one even one night and do it for 20 or 30 days. No problem. walk. okay. thank no limits. anybodi els ha a question. If not, we will start. okay. As fandy. how would you? can you hear me? okay. great. uh, my question is you said we could share it to the members, but what do we do? how do we share thi for non members? like if we want to public the meeting. it the uh you have to decid if, for example, guest and thi is by the recent a discuss in the offici group. also, is it good thing, toe, let say bring guest toe onlin meet like this, and it a decis you have to take becaus will he get the same experience? becaus he may say, oh, I can pay a few dollar and enrol in tow one off the public speak cours that are available. what do I get? and you may lose the potenti guest. there is thi possibl becaus he may not get it good experience, especi if the meet is not conduct at the highest standards. for example, um, you do not have a team would like me to run the meet andan. let say there is a lot of disturb on. He might get a bad impression, which you would not get if he come toe club and experi it. So really, the choic is yours. but if you decid for a guest to join, fine, just take the same link and tell him join from your phone or whatever. it the same thing. It does not matter. It come as a guest becaus it I mean, like, uh, the news just came that theyr go to do a complet shutdown. uh, and so I can imagin that we might be use thi forum for a teli least two weeks, probabl a month, or mayb even more, depend on how the situat progresses. so, inshallah, we will all get pretti good at this. yep. that whi wer here. So that we get good at it. okay, thank you veri much. anybodi els want ani question on way are right. We can take the maximum one question, and then we will start with a demo meeting. So now your go to experi what a meet will actual feel like. and then what you can do is take thi learn and tri to simul it and make it exactli like that in your meeting. and so that would show you how you will introduc the speaker on. So I will be control the meeting. So when I introduc somebody, you will notic that I will be a mute onli that person, as I have done now dure the organization. So that ensur that the meet remain clean. everyon can focu on what is be said on wer ready. So are we all readi to start the meeting? the demo meeting. I would advis as mani as possibl to enabl your video now, becaus if our speaker are talk toe blank screens, they may not feel so enthusiast about deliv their speeches. So let me befor I start the meeting, let us check the agenda on. I will. and it will make your host to just make sure. priscilla, i am okay. can I just review the agenda? timer? can you your idea your time around? okay. gener valu de temporally. everyth look okay. all right. I can see a rais hand grammarian and a counter. where can I see ram kumar is not hi video is not on, but is here available. can he see it? He is a He is there is on wow, not you, polygram kumar. If not somebody, pleas rais your hands. you can okay. okay. bram. common. yes, I can hear you, but I can see my video video. I cannot see what should what should you? advice. I cannot see my take on the screen. you will find, uh, start with. yeah. anyway, what? As long as you are there, you are suppos to be gener grammarian. fine. We can manag without look at it. I am on board the team alcoholic. she stay here? yes. okay. On a beauti tabl topic, master najwa, I can see her concentr on a table. topic So wer expect an amaz meeting. E will start by introduc how thi meet will go. sinc we have alreadi done the open segment off the sergeant at arm and the district director address which would be a presid address in a normal meeting, I will start with the role players. those who will make thi meet a success on a first role player is the timer. and thi is someth different. becaus how do you know who the timer? how do you keep track off your time? perhap the time We will explain thi role to us. good evening, fellow toastmasters. today i am attack is I am the timer at thi film meeting. everyth will proceed as normal. I will show the respect card at qualifi time. I will show the green card. Is it visible? yes, thank you. At midway the yellow card and at maximum time the red card. you will have 30 second off grace period to complet your speech or your evaluation. We have one speaker, one speech, 5 to 7 minutes. I will show the card accordingly. tabl topic will be 1 to 2 minutes. At one minute, I will show the green card at one point 1.5 minut the yellow card. and at two minutes, the red card yeah. evalu will be from 2 to 3 minut at two minutes. the green card at 2.5 minutes. the yellow card. and at three minutes, the red card. 30 seconds, grace. thank you. look for me on the screen. yes, and that the import thing. the person who is deliv the speech must make sure that you scroll toe the to the calori view and make sure the timer is one off the person that your observing. okay, So make sure that if your in a galleri mode that you have identifi the timer and then you can start your speech. ah, gener evalu is the tm really? shall I, um u t yes. good evening, toastmasters. i am veri happi to be part of thi meeting. As a gener evaluator. As a gener evaluator, i will see how the meet goe from begin until the end. when my session come along with my team off evaluators, i will be have my station over to trust. must be catch. it would thank you. and a final role player is the grammarian. and also hope the our counter gtm ram kumar, the floor is yours. hi. good evening. can you hear me? oh, Mr toastmast capit burrito distinguish dignitaries, fellow toastmast and guest as grammarian. It is my respons to play close attent toe all speaker listen care to their language. use rich. i will take a note off ani improp languag as well as ani outstand word courts, say or thought use dure the meet as a grammarian, it is also my duti to introduc the word of the day. So let me introduc the word of the day today as mention in the agenda alreadi the vote of the day today be use is inevitable, which mean someth that is certain toe happen which is unavoidable, for exampl inevit Is that incap off be avoid are evaded, It can be object are known as a noun. I can say that a situat that is unavoidable. some of the exampl I would like to bring to us. I did not think that decis taken vers inevitable. yeah, it is inevit that someon will tri to offer better training. So I urg everyon to use the world of the day. today is inevit in your role while you deliv your speech. I encourag all speaker to use the word of the day. I will give the grammarian report when call upon dure the meet and also report on the usag of the word at the end of the meeting. mhm now addit toe that I have a roll off our counter again. greet to everyone. the purpos and key role off our our counter is to note word and sound that are use as scratch. word are paus filler word but those off anyon who speak today thi even I will listen for the overus word includ and well, but so and you know you know, repeat words. I also listen for the filler words, including, uh um uh not uh yes. I would also note when a speaker repeat the word or phrase as I I or thi mean thi mean the repeat word on I will submit my argument report at the end of the meet i will report the number of time that each speaker use thi expressions. thank you. toastmast of the day back to you thank you. dtm ram for explain your role to us No come the pistol resist yeah first not onli a demo meeting, but speech deliv by none other than our district director. and who will evalu a district director? anoth dtm dtm on a CD for district 20 dtm alka camera explain the project object I hand over the podium to dtm alka thank you toastmast off the day just master consist well are worthi distinguish speaker today dtm wafa salman is go to do her level three elect from the path dynam leadership the project is that a vocal varieti on the purpos off the project is for the member to practic use local varieti to enhanc a speech. So in this, the member will present a well organ speech on ani topic. andi he she will use her voic to commun and enhanc the speech. the speech time is 5 to 7 minut on the titl of the speech first impress first impress the timber for salman all the best dtm buffet salman. first impressions. 5 to 7 minutes. It came off a settlement. first impressions. bill and hillari clinton also tell the stori how they met. they lock eye at yale slow librari until hillari broke the silenc on marsh toward bill. she said, hey, if you keep look at me and I will keep stir back, we might as well be introduced. i am hillari wrote him. what your name? bill ha said he could not rememb hi own name. that waa a first impression. and it wasim a more a ble one sauc master off the even hello toastmast and 61 evaluator. good evening. first impress is veri critic in our life, as in short period of time, other will form opinion about us base on our appearance, our bodi language, our gestur and our character. So we need to make sure that thi first impress is a good one and memor one. I will talk today about how to make that good first impression. however, mind you that sometim it inevitable. but we need tri to do the best that we can to make our first impress un forgettable. I will give you three kid the first step keep a charm smile. they say that it mine. when you smile, the word smile to you, and there noth like a smile that guarante a posit reaction. whenev you do whatev you go, just smile and you will see peopl smile at you. So it the first key off a good first impression. mom use to tell me that I need to smile more, so I start practic smiling. late I am. I put smile face on my comput in my room. So whenev I see, I smile, especi at my office. whenev i am talk over the phone, I smile. I put a word smile. you are over the porn. the second tip, uh, dress appropri dress to impress. I know nowadays, our word is more casual than it use to be 20 year ago, however, it import to dress the part. It took me year to be convinced. I use to argu with bob a lot, and I alway tell her who cares? how do I look and dress the most important? It should be clean and tidy, she use to tell me. yes, they say a pictur is worth 1000 bucks, and the way you present yourself to the people. that how your image. it been memorable, therefore, took me years, but I eventu persuaded, and I dress accord to the situation. now, the third tip I want to give you there speak clearly. oliv had oliv windham said. speak clearly. If you will not speak at all, carv everi word befor you let it fall. it veri import when we are speak to speak clearli and slowly, especi for us. We are non nativ speakers, and when we are communicating, not in our language. If we start to speak quickly, nobodi can understand and they would not understand our roads. So I practic how to listen to the last letter off everi word I say to make my world as clear as possible. So even if i am talk not their mother tongu languag like now I feel and i am see that all peopl are understand what i am saying. He spent to conclud our percept is base on the thing that we see from the first impress of people. now is the first impress I lost impression. well, it debatable. some peopl say yes, it is, and other say no, it not. whatev is the case, sometim the first impress cannot be revis herbal. sometim you meet peopl onc and you do not have the opportun to meet them again. So whatev imag you show them, it will stuck in their memory. My advisor is that three simpl that make your first impress A memor one. first one share a chair, a charm smile. second dress appropri to impress people. and third is speak clearly. If you follow these step your first impression, it will not just be good. It will be a memor one back to you. got master of the even e becaus of my feet. although e okay, here i am sorry. I wa mute So you have one minut to write some feedback toe dtm bopha on duh. you can write it in the chat either directli to detain wafa or to everyone. yes, and now we will next move on. i will just wait for a few more seconds. and of course, the beauti off virtual meet is you could alway give the feedback even at a later point and she will get it come to our next segment and wer right on time. mayb three minut on the late which is great, is our tabl topic segment on toe conduct. the stabl topic segment is my best friend in toastmasters, those master najwa selma on board. yeah, let me hand over to the podium to her, and she will explain what she go to do. hello, everyone. it the first time for me to be on onlin zoom meet with those master will say that i am honor now to see you all happi to see you all today as they will topic master, i will explain a brief first as what is they will topics. So tabl topic is an impromptu speech for me. it speak from the heart. whatev come to your mind relat to a stori that link to the topic? it more than, um, pleasur for me to hear from you, so i will share with you some code or say on By that, the particip will share her speech, or hi speech on the timer will introduc the time base on that from 1 to 2 minutes. So let go for the timer. So if she can explain the time segment for thi tabl topic catchy, can you pleas give her control? good evening, fellow toe first is onc again time for tabl topic is 1 to 2 minutes. At one minute, I will show the green car at 1.5 minutes. I will show the yellow car on at two minutes. our shoulder red, can you have 30 seconds, grace period to complet your table. topic over toe tabl topic master, thank you so much. bye. that our theme for today is human on adapt by. that is how we gonna adjust ourselv to adapt with the situat that you are go through. whatev doe the situat first, especi the situat that we are alreadi have nowaday first thing to do is to calm down, relax. everyth gonna pass smoothly. precaut will be taken. everyth nice. So today we will have some particip to share the segment and we will have casual in control to see who will rais hi hand to be our first volunteer. andi, I will say the topic twice. I do not know who will be chosen by a catchi I cannot hear you catch eaten. you know, actually, I cannot hear you speaker, right. check. okay. thanks. mhm. okay. so, uh, as you will be the first volunt for tonight? yes. So you have to choos from 1 to 6. fight that prick. So your got toby. the art off life is a constant read adjust to our surroundings. okay, okay. I got that. the art of, like, constant the adjustment. you are. that right. floor is yours. all right. I can I can I see the timer around? there is a time of, uh, priscilla. okay, I can see you. all right. can I start? okay. life inevit resolves, revolv around us, our life. inevitably, thi wall around us becaus we are the center of our universe. andi, be as human be are capabl of adjust toe ani surround ani situation. there are peopl live in the antarctic, the arctic, six there, peopl live in deserts. It is alway be inhabit by human being. So humankind is abl to adjust itself toe ani surrounding. that is one of the best thing about be a human, uh, creatures, though mayb adapt to some particular surround becaus that where they live in the card server. elsewhere, human be like I left my villag in the I left my country. india and I have been live in gulf for 35 years. even though I do not know arabic, I have still manag to surviv here. So be adjust adapt is one of the condit that human be are capabl off and alway will be. od. thank you so much trash By that we will have our second volunt for tonight. I cannot know e m ram kumar. So I will learn. mute him now. mhm. okay, tom. So choos from 1 to 6. except five, three, three. So adapt is the simpl secret off surviv adapt is the simpl secret off survival. Do you agre or disagree? floor is yours. thank you veri much. tabl topic master fellow toastmasters, distinguish dignitaries. I total agre with thi topic. adopt adapt is the simplest secret secret off survival. have you ever notic peopl among the world? If you see at the largest trick I mean sorry. statu tricks. mani off. those who marri are not happi becaus they do not have children. there are people, our widows. It could be a man. It could be a woman. your great toastmasters? yes. At home? yes. no. the secret off happi is someth that you adopt often child infant, baby. our poor child who lost their father or mother. the secret off surviv for them is immense. It does not come to the context of the world survival. It itself defin them that they want to live mawr than 100 years. becaus the paramount off happiness, the joy, the instil nous, the instinct to the abil of confidence, courag and persist the poor with the lao affection. they do not know their mother and father just becaus you adopt a child who wa orphan. and given your love the bond ha creat to conclude, I must say that there are those who bless with littl one there are those who bless with nothing. but the opportun is yours. you can make a choic off adopt a child. there are mani off those who are linger live in camps. syrian childs. they do not have parents. they do not have food to survive. adopt and live your life to the fullest. back to you. thank you. thank you so much from with the big close thio. um, let rock it out here. okay, then let out. have our third particip for tonight and here. and we have somebodi from barren, please. yeah, wer not for sure. I cannot see hand reason, but it your control. who would like to take up the challenge. pleas rais your hands. who dare to come to me? So wer not push well will not forc We push someth like that you can choose. you can choose. E cannot catch anybodi from you. So let have sandy. I can see her in front. off me. here. straight hair. okay, I got to sandy, uh, you have other numbers? like 124 and six six. perfect. So your say to be train your mind to see the good in everi situation? train your mind to see the good in everi situat talk about sandi stain floor is your time sign stein, everybody. good evening, toastmast and our wonder onlin forum. the the idea of keep a posit mind is someth we realli have toe have, especi at thi time as the notic air go around, coronavirus, do not go anywhere. look out! wer go to catch you and your go to get it and your go to die. and peopl are panick everywher and for myself. the way that I do that is to realli kind of turn off. ah, lot of those social media things. and instead I focu on thing like prayer. uh, read funni book or watch humor shows. I love cartoon and just realli spend qualiti time with the peopl around me and tri veri hard to avoid all of that negativity. So if you focu your thought and your time on the posit thing yes, those those neg event are happen around us. We cannot. We cannot chang what other peopl are thinking. what happen around us. all we can do is chang how we are adapt to it. how what is our respons to all of this? and so if we work on focus our respons on posit ideas, what can we do? what can we change? and how are we abl to do thing that could help ourselv or help others? then it help you to get rid of that panic, to calm thing down and not to kind of freak out as so mani peopl are and back to you. toast tabl topic master. thank you so much, sandy. amazing. everybodi stay positive. No panic here all around. So let have our fourth participant. and the drum roll goe to either you rais your hand on your be pick up on the photo. Uh huh. catchi control. I do not know the head if the hand are rais or not. no, I cannot see anybodi So somebodi will be selected. and here we dio be ready. we will have faisal jamil veri soon. okay. it the onlin myself. oh, move forward. If he not, will come toe five for three Do one time is money will move forward to anoth one name toastmast will. well ready. So thi is whi they say tabl topic is the most fun and have fun in the whole meet as everyon um everyth goe seriou and formal. So let have fun. enjoy the segment. So bear with me here. so, Mr will you have to select either one to and for number four, number four. okay. It is not the strongest or the most intellig who will survive. but those who can best manag chang It is not the strongest or the most intellig who will survive. but those who can best manag chang those master will it even caus masters? A lot of time we believ that the strongest person or the smartest person is the best person in the situat ever in life We all have chang alway occur So the person that actual can adapt to ani changes. actually, the strongest person or the most, um, in offici person, like in thi situat here, deal with the situation, go around the countri with the virus, you know it might be the strongest person might be the most healthi person. everi might get sick ever if you adapt, have a posit mental attitud and realiz that thi effect is onli temporary, you can actual go through thi a lot easier. similar to is be tonight have a lot of great speakers, a lot of great I waiter ever adapt to the chang even though if they have meet individually, come togeth and be in thi form to have a meet a lie is actual encouraging. chang current stabil and make ensur that we continu to surviv even though circumst are not best. So basically, inclus like to emphas that do not have to be the smartest. do not have to be the strongest have have a strong will to when you face your problem to adapt to it. To make a chang to overcom solut is alway the best if not next. thank you so much. will amazing. yeah, now I just would like toa sinc wer run slightly. five minut behind schedule, I think can be finish with topics. yes, for sure. okay, there is 11 speaker who ha rais the hand and we cannot ignor rohana. i am hand over to hello onli now. hi. can you hear me? the actual okay, sarah, you know you would like to particip here and you will be our last particip for the segment. So you can choos either one or two. what? So what adapt is about the power differ between adapt toe coal? onda adapt to win adapt is about the power differ between adapt toe cope onda adapt to win rogina floor is yours. thank you. there is no good even to all off you hear on. duh! i am not sure how muirfield are watch me, but good even and hi to all adaptability. I think what wer do right now is a veri big form off adaptability. If darwin wa alive, he would have said, wow, you know what a differ chang or a differ change. We brought ourselv to cope to cope with the circumst that happen nowaday and what wer do toe overcom those circumst how we can overcom those problem and make them through to our solut and give ourselv solut like catch eaten ha done today. I mean, not onli today, but I know thi room. It ha bean invok for some time now, but actual work with it, work on it, work with it, i am work with all off you. It give us more adaptability. what make us more are confident. and when you are confident, definit your go to win. So I think everyon ha to undergo a chang if you do not change. becaus chang is the onli thing that is constant in thi world. and if you do not chang becaus chang is inevitable, you cannot do without change. In today world today I heard that everyth is go to close down the demand to be met and suppli are go to be less so. I think everyone go to be again, you know, be the panic state, run around, find solut for that. but you know what? what we need to do ha becom patient watch, adapt ourselv so that we can win in thi situation. thank you. over to you. thank you so much. rogina, back toe our control for this, uh, meet the amaz and the best catch eaten back to you. thank you. okay, that wa an amaz tabl topic segment. let us look at a timer and who will give us a time report, and I will make the fall. In the meantime, um, good even at onc again, all the tabl topic particip have are qualified. toastmaster, right, shaka toastmast ram coma toastmast sandy, toastmast will and toastmast rogina. okay, now I will be launch the pole. just few seconds. oh, now i am go to submit the poll. pleas get ready. toe. vote for the best tabl topic bigger. andi, I will close the ball in five for three to one. and we have an excel response. more than 72%. and we will declar the winner veri soon. I will not share the result with you. finally, I will hand over the podium now to our gener evaluator, dtm manafort, to run the gener evalu segment over to you. good evening. those pastor on a special good even toe master today reviews. now wer start the gener evalu evalu session. onda azul. you know we had onli one speaker first speaker on the one the speaker is our district director tedium off haselman on my request. our evaluator, our cgt dtm alka camera to do the evalu befor that may request our timer to give away the time for the evaluation. the time for the evalu session will be 2 to 3 minutes. but two minut I will show the green card at 2.5 minutes. the yellow card and at three minut the red card. you have 30 seconds, grace, period thing type is for the evalu as well as the grammarian over to gener evaluator. thank you. dtm alka camera first evalu dtm alka camera. the voic is a reflect off. what is go on insid us? good even to all the attende gener evalu toastmast off the day on to my target speaker detain wafa selma well, she she show to us today through her project. how import in the way we speak now I would like to ask you whi do we need varieti in our vocals? whi do we need varieti in our workers? well, for the simpl reason varieti is the spice off life the same way when we have a write our workers, it impact the way we commun with other and the reaction off others. now what I love about today speech off buff awa the introduct that she gave first of all about ah veri import are well known pair bill and hillari clinton. how import the first impress is. well, there. she also display some vocal varieti and also what I love about her speech waa varieti at mani places, most notabl at the point where she spoke about her mom on, she said mom told her, how important, dress up well, waas. So that wa the most notabl local varieti that I saw in her speech today. also, what I like about her speech is the pauses, the well articul speech, the articul that wa shown through the paus when, especi when she spoke about speak clearli the import of speak clearli in first impression. So she spoke. We need to listen to the last letter off everi word. So each off these word waa well emphas to show the import come to a few area where I would suggest that she can add to the alreadi experienc way off speaking. she ha the first is even though there wa a lot of vocal variety. I found she could have ad a littl more varieti in the introduction. plus, she could have ad a few more few dialogues, especi when talk to mom. and she could have show a littl more emot there by say someth like, when the mom say is jesting, a bell is important. no, no, mom, it okay. I do not care much. So that the way to show a littl more vocal varieti on a few emot as well. now come toe. one more import aspect off vocal variety, which is the rate the rate off speech that I found waa not much varied. It waa more or less flat. So if the rate off speech is a littl up and down, it is more made, more wait and exciting. It would add more flavor to that speech overal a wonder speech about creat a first impression, how to keep maintain it and how to add vocal varieti toe the speech. but a few more few point that I suggest on the speech would be a great one over to you. gener valu it. thank you veri much. A CD and evaluator. thank you veri much. mhm on our next role player on evalu is our grammarian. did he, um ram kumar notch polly, you will also be give the account report good even all onc again, I welcom you all. good evening. thank you. well, it wa veri noteworthy. grammi report I would like to give you today inevit world ha been use ha been use by toastmast catch eaten district director dtm wafa salman in her speech toastmast rohan upton with and of course, detain ram comotto. no, I wa expect that sinc we have lot off tabl topic and good momentum go on I sir, I wa expect that more peopl could have use the word of the day. however, it wa also use by toast master billi now come to what are the word we use today as a speaker off a salman? she ha enthral her with a beauti uses. the word such as given a first impress itself start a memorable, charm smile admir percept impress and the courts, I have note and it caught my attention. words. A pictur is work. 1000 words. A pictur is a word. 1000 word thi wa the coat use in her speech by the forcibl month onda are the phrase of the cold word iv it caught my attent wa dress to impress keep charm smile speak clearli on slowli got a wonder messag He ha given and speak with wisdom now toastmast will I use the word which caught my attent wa adopt in C to chang have a strong will power to adopt No come to the tabl topic mani of them use veri well. one of the thing I wa impress with none of them used, though no, i am come to the account now. no, not a singl person have repeat the word like so but or some filler word like, um uh none other than our present today the toastmast of the day those matter catterton he use okay. We seem to have some technic difficulti on. mayb he wa tri to correct me in the system. decid that I cannot be correct coming. okay, back to you, gener valu later. thank you veri much. moder and tia mari as a gener valu to my evolut for today meeting. first of all, the meet wa veri good. let all give a big applause. tow our district as well as the moder for do a great job. excellent. the train wa there from 6 to 7 on. He made it sure, although it wa over at 5. 14. veri true. with the all the doubt can be clear at seven. the meet start sharpli the demo meeting. So that ah, great point to be notr onda. We are a great subject terms. who start the meet veri well. the onli thing we did not have is a banner that okay. but come to the meet the speaker the first two speaker are first to speech wa a first impression. veri good. she start with a beauti message, not a messag thing which we have to appreci presenc of mind, she said alway 61 evaluators. wow! she note that befor intim I mean befor go to her speech. andi, I would also like to add that our speech wa veri good. she gave all the three point and recapitul that at the end, which is the great thing come to tabl topic session. you know the excellent, love topic given by our topics. master close master najma onda We appreci moder again as he knew that the time of time wa time wa go on in military. It wa curtail by five of the clock without have the last speaker so greater time manag on our time. you did a great job. veri stress faster. priscilla. A great job, priscilla. onli one thing I would like to suggest is the yellow card. it not seen clearli in that light. mayb you should have a differ just for improv for next time. otherwise, the meet wa veri good. come to the evaluation. our evalu rule medium alka camera, our citi did a great evaluation. onda grammarian for the first time, he made it within the time frame as well as he a counter role. however, I would like to mention that both raj and raj use to the world today. twice on reina use the word today onc which is, I mean, mayb must have not seen. overall, the meet wa excellent. Is a great experi inevit that we have to go into thi type of meet our we enjoyed. it realli good to see. even now we have so mani partisan now the closer we have 42 participants. that show the meet ha been veri success on growth to the district, especi doubl support to our more greater as far as to the co host. wer forget the co host wa done. A great job. My evalu is over. i will leav it to the hand it over to our moder and toastmast today. area director caxton burrito. thank you veri much. thank you. and so that for you all wa a sampl off. what onlin meet would look like? So now you have the tools. you know what? It ha to be done. all of you are not suppos to be the next level. now, who will take up thi role to your own club and say, okay, i am go to make a meeting, make a zoom account or borrow my account. ask district to make one zoom account for you. banana meet executed. mayb you might still struggl for some things. how do I do that? knewton did it like this. the whatsapp group will be kept open for some time for you to discuss your issues. becaus as you know, i am not the onli person. there are some expert also in the same group. they will also share some idea with you. feel free to use thi group toe. learn more. get more tips. plan your meetings. execut them. most importantly, share your experi with us. what is it that you have done? what do you think you did? well, what do you think you can improv upon? and phil? the govern tell us otherwise. I wish you all the best in onlin meet management. and now I will hand over the podium toe a district director to keep her impression. Do some wrap up on thi meet on close exactli as schedul at eight of the clock? no. okay. thank you veri much. uh, the master of the evening. and i am so happi that till the end of 42 member out there, it wa an amaz meeting. It wa a good experi for me. I attend sever meet in europ and us online, but the attende were, like maximum 2016, someth like that. So it a differ experience. i am so happi that we are all enthusiast on keep our thought master meet run regardless off ani case, the most import safeti come first. that the most import for us. I want you to be safe. do not go out unless it urgent to go out. stay home, stay safe. and if there is anyth we need. We are connect to each other through groups. thi is what call that on master famili and we are a family. I want all of you to depend on each other. ask for help if we need the meet wa amazing. It waa organ from the beginning. sylvi end wa follow by the agenda. and if you notic that the tabl topic took a littl bit time that those master off the even control that and put everyth on track becaus of this, wer tri to end off time. I saw that thi meet is a profession meet and i am sure that if you run it in your club, it will help member to stay connected. and I hope it will be short. and we will be back to our normal toastmast meet that we all love to enjoy and be there. So that it In brief. I enjoy it and thank you, cash houston and the co host for the technic run that show and take our wish and make it a reality. i am so happy. and chapel bob thank you. thank you. thank you. district director. and there is one final thing to be done. and that is to announc the best tabl topic speaker and notic that I did not share the whole off the best tabl topic speaker. becaus if you do that, then it does not have the same feel off toastmast meeting. So a toastmast off the day becaus I read them all. It is my privileg than to announc that the best tabl topic speaker in thi case, of course, best speaker is onli one. So by default, best speaker is uh, uh dtm buffer. but the best table, tom. yes, with a veri high percentag off fall on veri good competit from all of them. pleas give a big round of applaus toe johanna for the best tabl toffe andi that I conclud the meeting. I will keep it open for anoth one or two minutes. anybodi ha ani E? okay. anybody? uh, yes, merrili yeah. I just would like toa I mean, there not one of the meeting, but I would like toa request people. pleas put your name in the attack. not iphon del all those thing becaus we would like to know your name, so pleas avoid put iphone. Um then whatev it is just a request s so that we can no, you with the person. thank you. and with that. thank you veri much. good night on happi on land meet E children. the meeting? yeah.'